WHO DA WENNY-BENNY BOY?
OH, YOU DA WENNY-WENNY-
BENNY-BENNY BOY.
YES.
( crying )
OH, DON'T CRY.
DON'T CRY.
( crying )
WHY IS HE STILL CRYING?
LET ME HOLD HIM FOR A SEC.
THERE WE GO.
HUH? HUH? THERE WE ARE.
MAYBE IT'S ME.
DON'T BE SILLY. BEN LOVES YOU.
HE'S JUST BEING
MR. CRANKY-PANTS.
YOU KNOW, I ONCE DATED
A MISS CRANKY-PANTS.
LOVELY GIRL,
KIND OF MOODY.
THERE WE GO,
ALL BETTER.
THERE'S
MY LITTLE BOY.
( crying )
( crying louder )
CAN I... UH...
SEE SOMETHING?
( crying )
( crying stops )
COOL.
HE HATES ME.
MY NEPHEW HATES ME.
COME ON, DON'T DO THIS.
WHAT IF MY OWN BABY
HATES ME? WHAT THEN?
DO YOU KNOW
HOW LONG IT'S GOING TO BE
BEFORE YOU ACTUALLY
HAVE TO DEAL
WITH THIS PROBLEM?
YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE A BOYFRIEND YET.
JOEY, SHE DOES NOT LOOK FAT.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
OH, HEY, MON.
( crying )
GOO! GOO! GOO!
THAT IS SO FUNNY.
LET ME SEE THAT.
( gulping )
UGH...
YOU OKAY, ROSS?
I DON'T KNOW. UGH...
WHAT'S IN
THIS PIE?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUTTER AND EGGS AND FLOUR
AND LIME AND KIWI...
KIWI? KIWI?
YOU SAID IT WAS
A KEY LIME PIE.
NO, I DIDN'T. I SAID KIWI LIME.
THAT'S WHAT MAKES IT SO SPECIAL.
THAT'S WHAT'S GOING TO KILL ME.
I'M ALLERGIC TO KIWI.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE ALLERGIC TO LOBSTER
AND PEANUTS AND...
( honking grunt )
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S DEFINITELY GETTING WORSE.
IS YOUR TONGUE
SWELLING UP?
EITHER THAT OR MY MOUTH
IS GETTING SMALLER.
GET YOUR COAT.
WE'RE GOING
TO THE HOSPITAL.
WILL HE BE OKAY?
YEAH, HE NEEDS A SHOT.
YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY,
IT'S GETTING BETTER.
IT IS. LET'S NOT GO.
ANYONE UP FOR SCRABBLE?
JACKET NOW!
BUT WHAT ABOUT BEN?
WE CAN'T BRING A BABY
TO THE HOTHPITAL.
WE'LL WATCH HIM.
( grunts )
I DON'T THINK SO.
WHAT? I HAVE SEVEN
CATHOLIC SISTERS.
I'VE TAKEN CARE
OF HUNDREDS OF KIDS.
COME ON.
WE WANT TO DO IT,
DON'T WE?
I WAS LOOKING FORWARD
TO PLAYING BASKETBALL
BUT I GUESS THAT'S
OUT THE WINDOW.
IF YOU TAKE HIM FOR HIS WALK,
BWING HIS HAT.
THERE'S MILK IN THE FWIDGE
AND DIAPERS IN THE BAG.
HAT, MILK, DI... GOT IT.
LET'S GO.
( speech garbled )
THRO UP A THRO THRO,
A THRO THRO.
CONSIDER IT DONE!
YOU UNDERSTOOD THAT?
YEAH. MY UNCLE SAL
HAS A REALLY BIG TONGUE.
IS HE THE ONE
WITH THE BEAUTIFUL WIFE?
RACH, WANT TO HEAR
THE NEW SONG
I'M THINKING OF SINGING
THIS AFTERNOON?
I WROTE IT IN THE SHOWER.
OKAY.
♪ I'M IN THE SHOWER ♪
♪ AND I'M WRITING
A SONG ♪
♪ STOP ME IF YOU'VE HEARD IT ♪
♪ MY SKIN IS SOAPY ♪
♪ AND MY HAIR IS WET ♪
♪ AND TEGRIN
SPELLED BACKWARD ♪
♪ IS NIRGET. ♪
RACHEL, SWEETHEART
COULD I SEE YOU
FOR A MINUTE?
WHAT'S UP?
F.Y.I., I'VE DECIDED
TO PAY
A PROFESSIONAL MUSICIAN
TO PLAY HERE
ON SUNDAY AFTERNOONS.
HER NAME IS STEPHANIE...
SOMETHING.
SHE'S SUPPOSED
TO BE VERY GOOD.
BUT WHAT ABOUT PHOEBE?
RACHEL, IT'S NOT
THAT YOUR FRIEND IS BAD.
IT'S... IT'S
THAT SHE'S SO BAD
SHE MAKES ME WANT
TO PUT MY FINGER
THROUGH MY EYE
INTO MY BRAIN
AND SWIRL IT AROUND.
OKAY.
OKAY, SO
YOU'RE NOT A FAN.
BUT, I MEAN, COME ON.
YOU CANNOT
DO THIS TO HER.
UH...
OH, NO, NO, NO.
I HAVE TO DO
THIS TO HER?
♪ LATHER, RINSE, REPEAT ♪
♪ AND LATHER, RINSE, REPEAT ♪
♪ AS NEEDED. ♪
YOU KNOW, I DON'T THINK
WE BROUGHT ENOUGH STUFF.
DID YOU FORGET TO PACK
THE BABY'S ANVIL?
IT'S GOING TO BE WORTH IT.
IT'S A KNOWN FACT
THAT WOMEN LOVE BABIES.
WOMEN LOVE GUYS
WHO LOVE BABIES.
IT'S THE WHOLE
SENSITIVE THING.
AIM HIM AT THAT
PACK OF BABES.
MAYBE ONE OF THEM
WILL BREAK AWAY.
NO, NO, WAIT.
FORGET THEM.
WE GOT ONE--
HARD LEFT.
GIVE ME THE BABY.
NO, I'VE GOT HIM.
COME ON, SERIOUSLY.
OH, SERIOUSLY
YOU WANT HIM?
HELLO.
AND WHO IS THIS
LITTLE CUTIE PIE?
WELL, DON'T THINK
ME IMMODEST, BUT...
ME?
YOU WANT TO SMELL HIM?
I ASSUME WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT THE BABY NOW.
OH, YEAH.
HE'S GOT THAT
GREAT BABY SMELL.
GET A WHIFF OF HIS HEAD.
I THINK MY UTERUS
JUST SKIPPED A BEAT.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
IT'S GREAT YOU'RE DOING THIS.
WELL, WE ARE GREAT GUYS.
MY BROTHER AND HIS BOYFRIEND
HAVE BEEN TRYING TO ADOPT.
WHAT AGENCY DID
YOU TWO GO THROUGH?
BUT THIS IS MY GIG!
THIS IS WHERE I PLAY.
MY NAME IS WRITTEN
OUT THERE IN CHALK.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN'T
JUST ERASE CHALK.
HONEY, I'M SORRY.
AND HE'S GOING TO BE
PAYING THIS WOMAN?
WHY DOESN'T HE
GIVE HER A THRONE?
AND A CROWN,
AND, LIKE A...
YOU KNOW... GOLD STICK
WITH A BALL ON TOP?
TERRY IS A JERK.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE ALWAYS
SAYING, "TERRY'S A JERK."
THAT'S WHERE THAT CAME FROM.
YEAH, OKAY.
YOU PROBABLY DID
EVERYTHING YOU COULD.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET ME JUST SEE
WHAT ELSE I CAN DO.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
LET HER GO ON AFTER
STEPHANIE
WHATEVER HER NAME IS.
YOU WON'T BE HERE,
YOU DON'T PAY HER.
I DON'T KNOW.
TERRY, I'LL EVEN CLEAN
THE CAPPUCCINO MACHINE.
YOU DON'T CLEAN
THE CAPPUCCINO MACHINE?
OF COURSE...
I CLEAN IT.
I MEAN, I WILL CLEAN IT.
I WILL CLEAN IT.
OH, ALL RIGHT.
FINE, FINE, FINE.
DONE.
REALLY?
YEAH. WHO'S WORKING
FOR YOU, BABE?
OH, MY GOD!
THIS IS SO EXCITING.
HOW MUCH
AM I GOING TO GET?
WHAT?
YOU SAID HE'S PAYING
THE PEOPLE WHO PLAY.
OH, NO. NO, NO.
HE'S GOING TO BE
PAYING THAT OTHER WOMAN
BECAUSE
SHE'S A PROFESSIONAL.
I'M NOT GOING TO BE
THE ONLY ONE WHO'S
NOT GETTING PAID.
BUT, PHEEBS...
NO, UH-UH, I'M SORRY.
NO, I'M NOT SOME,
LIKE, SLOPPY SECOND
YOU KNOW, CHARITY BAND.
THERE ARE THOUSANDS
OF PLACES IN THIS CITY
WHERE PEOPLE WOULD BE HAPPY
TO PAY TO HEAR ME PLAY.
Phoebe:
♪ WHEN I PLAY, I PLAY FOR ME ♪
♪ I DON'T NEED YOUR CHARITY ♪
THANK YOU.
♪ LA-LA-LA-LA
LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA ♪
LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA. ♪
THERE'S NO WAY I'M
GOING TO GET A SHOT.
MAYBE THEY CAN
TAKE THE NEEDLE
AND THQUIRT IT INTO MY MOUTH
LIKE A THQUIRT GUN.
HELLO THERE.
I'M DR. KARLEN.
I SEE SOMEONE'S HAVING
A LITTLE ALLERGIC REACTION.
YES.
DOCTOR, CAN I SEE YOU
FOR JUST A MOMENT, PLEASE?
MY BROTHER HAS
A SLIGHT PHOBIA
ABOUT NEEDLES.
DID YOU TELL HIM
ABOUT MY THQUIRT GUN IDEA?
MY BROTHER, THE Ph.D.
WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF THERE'S
ANY WAY TO TREAT THIS ORALLY.
NO. UNDER
THESE CIRCUMSTANCES
IT HAS TO BE AN INJECTION
AND IT HAS TO BE NOW.
THO?
OHHH!
THAT'S GOOD. HAVE A SEAT.
DOCTOR SAYS
IT'S GOT TO BE A NEEDLE.
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO BE BRAVE, OKAY?
CAN YOU DO THAT
FOR ME?
OKAY.
OKAY. OH, BOY!
YOU ARE DOING SO GOOD.
YOU WANT
TO SQUEEZE MY HAND?
YES.
DON'T SQUEEZE IT SO HARD.
REALLY, DON'T SQUEEZE IT
SO HARD.
OW! LET GO OF MY HAND!
THAT'S A GOOD PLAN.
NEXT TIME WE WANT
TO PICK UP WOMEN
WE'LL JUST GO
TO THE PARK AND MAKE OUT.
TAXI! TAXI!
LOOK AT THAT TALENT.
JUST PRACTICING.
YOU'RE GOOD. CARRY ON.
COME ON.
HEY, YOU.
HE'S JUST ADORABLE.
CAN YOU TELL HIM THAT?
BECAUSE HE THINKS
HE LOOKS TOO PINK.
SO WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
OUT DOING TODAY?
OH, WE'RE NOT OUT.
NO, NO.
Joey:
WE'RE JUST
TWO HETEROSEXUAL GUYS
HANGING WITH THE SON
OF OUR OTHER
HETEROSEXUAL FRIEND
DOING THE USUAL
"STRAIGHT GUY" STUFF.
YOU DONE?
YEAH.
THERE'S OUR STOP.
GET OUT OF HERE.
THIS IS OUR STOP.
YOU GUYS LIVE
AROUND HERE, TOO?
YEAH. WE LIVE IN
THE BUILDING BY THE...
SIDEWALK.
YOU KNOW IT?
LOOK, SINCE WE'RE
NEIGHBORS AND ALL
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE GET TOGETHER
FOR A DRINK?
SO, DO YOU WANT
TO GO TO MARKEL'S?
OH, SURE. THEY
LOVE US OVER THERE.
HEY, WHERE'S YOUR BABY?
BEN!
BEN! BEN!
OH, THAT'S GOOD!
MAYBE HE'LL HEAR YOU
AND PULL THE CORD!
STOP THE BUS!
WAIT! WAIT! WAIT!
WAIT, WAIT! WAIT!
( gasping )
ARE SURE HE
DIDN'T BREAK IT?
IT REALLY HURTS.
NO, IT'S JUST
A GOOD BONE BRUISE
AND...
RIGHT HERE
IS THE PUNCTURE WOUND
FROM YOUR RING.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
THAT'S OKAY.
SORRY. SORRY!
HEY! HEY,
I GOT MY S's BACK!
( chuckles )
WHICH WE CAN
CELEBRATE LATER.
CELEBRATE.
CELE...
♪ HE WAS A DOUBLE-DOUBLE ♪
♪ DOUBLE-JOINTED BOY. ♪
HEY. SO, UM...
ARE YOU THE PROFESSIONAL
GUITAR PLAYER?
YEAH. I'M STEPHANIE.
OH. RIGHT, YEAH.
MY NAME WAS ON THERE
BUT NOW IT JUST SAYS
"CARROT CAKE."
OKAY.
SO, UM, SO, UM,
HOW MANY CHORDS DO YOU KNOW?
ALL OF THEM.
OH, YEAH? SO YOU KNOW "D"?
YEAH.
OKAY, DO YOU KNOW "A" MINOR?
OKAY. DO YOU KNOW HOW
TO GO FROM "D" TO "A" MINOR?
( snorts )
YEAH.
OKAY.
UM, SO DOES YOUR
GUITAR HAVE A STRAP?
NO.
OH. MINE DOES.
BYE.
OKAY...
♪ STEPHANIE KNOWS
ALL THE CHORDS ♪
COME ON, PICK UP!
PICK UP!
PICK UP! PICK UP!
HELLO...
TRANSIT AUTHORITY?
YES, HELLO.
I'M DOING RESEARCH
FOR A BOOK
AND I WAS WONDERING
WHAT SOMEBODY MIGHT DO
IF THEY LEFT A BABY
ON A CITY BUS.
YES, I DO REALIZE THAT'D
BE A VERY STUPID CHARACTER.
HI. HERE'S THE DEAL.
WE LOST A CAR SEAT
ON A BUS TODAY.
IT'S WHITE WITH A HANDLE
AND IT FITS ON A STROLLER.
OH, AND THERE
WAS A BABY IN IT.
HE WANTS TO TALK
TO YOU AGAIN.
OKAY, EVERYBODY, LET'S GIVE A
WARM CENTRAL PERK WELCOME TO...
Phoebe:
♪ TERRY'S A JERK ♪
♪ AND HE WON'T LET ME WORK ♪
♪ AND I HATE CENTRAL PERK ♪
( clears throat )
UH, TO STEPHANIE SCHIFFER.
THANK YOU.
I'D LIKE TO START WITH A SONG
THAT I WROTE
FOR THE FIRST MAN I EVER LOVED.
♪ ZACHARY ♪
Phoebe:
♪ YOU'RE ALL
INVITED TO BITE ME! ♪
HI!
WE'RE THE GUYS THAT
CALLED ABOUT THE BABY!
WE LOST THE BABY!
Both:
IS HE HERE?
HE'S HERE.
( both gasping )
I'M ASSUMING ONE OF YOU
IS THE FATHER.
THAT'S ME.
I'M HIM.
ACTUALLY, UH...
WE'RE BOTH THE FATHER.
OH, BEN!
HEY, BEN!
HEY, BUDDY.
HEY, BABY.
HI...
( gurgling )
PLEASE TELL ME YOU KNOW
WHICH ONE IS OUR BABY.
WELL, WELL, THAT ONE
HAS DUCKS ON HIS T-SHIRT
AND THIS ONE HAS CLOWNS
AND BEN WAS DEFINITELY
WEARING DUCKS.
OKAY...
OR CLOWNS.
OH! OH, WAIT!
THAT ONE'S
DEFINITELY BEN.
HE HAD THAT CUTE LITTLE
MOLE BY HIS MOUTH.
YEAH?
YEAH.
HEY, BEN, REMEMBER US?
OKAY, THE MOLE CAME OFF.
AHH...
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?
WHAT ARE WE
GOING TO DO?
WE'LL FLIP FOR IT--
DUCKS OR CLOWNS.
WE'RE GOING TO FLIP
FOR THE BABY?!
YOU GOT A BETTER IDEA?
CALL IT IN THE AIR.
ALL RIGHT.
HEADS.
HEADS IT IS.
YES!
PHEW!
WE HAVE TO ASSIGN
HEADS TO SOMETHING!
OH! RIGHT!
OKAY. OKAY, UH...
DUCKS IS HEADS
BECAUSE DUCKS HAVE HEADS.
WHAT KIND OF SCARY-ASS CLOWNS
CAME TO YOUR BIRTHDAY?
♪ JUST CALL ME
ANGEL OF THE MORNING ♪
♪ ANGEL ♪
♪ JUST TOUCH MY CHEEK
BEFORE YOU LEAVE ME ♪
♪ OH, BABY ♪
♪ JUST CALL ME
ANGEL OF THE MORNING ♪
♪ ANGEL ♪
♪ THEN SLOWLY TURN AWAY ♪
♪ I WON'T BEG YOU TO STAY ♪
♪ WITH ME ♪
HI.
OH, HI.
HERE. I THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT BE COLD.
THANK YOU.
MM. MM.
WHOA, LOOK AT YOU.
YOU DID PRETTY WELL.
$8.27.
BUT NOT REALLY,
'CAUSE I PUT IN THE FIRST TWO.
JUST TO, YOU KNOW,
GET THE BALL ROLLING
AND TO MAKE MYSELF
FEEL BETTER.
DO YOU?
NO.
YOU KNOW, THIS WHOLE, LIKE,
PLAYING-FOR-MONEY THING
IS SO NOT GOOD FOR ME.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW,
WHEN I SANG "SU-SU-SUICIDE"
I GOT LIKE, I GOT $1.75.
BUT THEN "SMELLY CAT"?
I GOT 25 CENTS AND A CONDOM.
SO, YOU KNOW, NOW
I JUST FEEL REALLY BAD
FOR "SMELLY CAT."
WELL, YOU KNOW, HONEY
I DON'T THINK EVERYBODY
GETS "SMELLY CAT."
YOU KNOW, I MEAN, IF ALL
YOU'VE EVER ACTUALLY HAD
ARE HEALTHY PETS,
THEN WOOSH!
BUT IT'S NOT EVEN THAT,
YOU KNOW?
I USED TO DO MY SONGS
'CAUSE IT MADE ME HAPPY.
NOW IT'S LIKE, IT'S JUST ALL
ABOUT THE MONEY, YOU KNOW?
WELL, PEOPLE MISSED
YOU IN THERE.
AND IN FACT, THERE WAS
ACTUALLY A REQUEST
FOR "SMELLY CAT."
REALLY?! FROM WHO?
WELL, ME.
AND I KNOW IT'S NOT,
YOU KNOW
YOUR BIG MONEY SONG,
BUT IT'S MY FAVORITE.
OH...
OH!
HI. DID I ACCIDENTALLY
DROP A CONDOM IN YOUR CASE?
UH...
IT'S KIND OF AN EMERGENCY.
YEAH. HERE YOU GO.
HEY, THANKS A LOT.
HEY, CHRISTINE, I GOT IT!
I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR
BEING THERE FOR ME TODAY.
I'M SORRY I ALMOST
BROKE YOUR HAND.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
I'M SORRY I POISONED YOU.
HEY, REMEMBER THE TIME
I JAMMED THAT PENCIL
INTO YOUR HAND?
REMEMBER IT?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THIS IS-- A FRECKLE?
WHAT ABOUT THE TIME
I HIT YOU IN THE FACE
WITH THE SYLVIANS' PUMPKIN?
REMEMBER WHEN
I STUCK THAT BROOM
IN YOUR BIKE SPOKES
AND YOU FLIPPED
AND HIT YOUR HEAD
ON THE CURB?
NO.
BUT I REMEMBER PEOPLE
TELLING ME ABOUT IT.
OH.
WELL, BEN HAS
A LITTLE SISTER.
YEAH.
I HOPE SHE CAN
KICK HIS ASS.
( chuckles )
I'M GOING TO GET
A NEW BAND-AID.
HOW ABOUT THE TIME I CUT
THE LEGS OFF YOUR MALIBU KEN?
THAT WAS YOU?!
UH... THEY WERE INFECTED.
THEY WOULDN'T HAVE MADE IT.
AW, MY LITTLE NEPHEW.
COME HERE,
LITTLE ONE.
AW, THERE'S MY LITTLE BABY.
HEY, MY LITTLE BOY.
OHH...
( kissing )
HEY! HE'S NOT CRYING.
( gasping )
HEY, HE'S NOT CRYING.
( chuckles )
( crying )
YES!
THERE'S STILL PIE!
( chuckles )
OH, I'M HERE.
I'M HERE.
HOW'S MY LITTLE
BOY, HUH? HUH?
YOU WANT DADDY
TO CHANGE YOUR DIAPER?
HMM? I KNOW.
I KNOW.
SO, DID YOU HAVE FUN
WITH UNCLE JOEY
AND UNCLE CHANDLER TODAY?
OH, YEAH.
HE RODE THE BUS TODAY.
OH... WELL...
BIG BOY, RIDING THE BU...
HEY, I HAVE A QUESTION.
HOW COME IT SAYS "PROPERTY
OF HUMAN SERVICES" ON HIS BUTT?
( chuckles )
YOU...
YOU ARE GOING
TO LOVE THIS!
CAN YOU HOLD BEN
FOR A SEC?
ALL RIGHT.
COME HERE. COME HERE.
STAY BACK!
I'VE GOT KIWI!
RUN, JOEY, RUN!
♪ SMELLY CAT, SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING YOU? ♪
NO, NO, NO.
I'M SORRY, IT'S
♪ SMELLY CAT, SMELLY CAT ♪
BETTER. MUCH BETTER. GOOD.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
DON'T FEEL BAD,
'CAUSE IT'S A HARD SONG.
YEAH.
DO YOU WANT
TO TRY IT AGAIN?
YEAH. FROM THE TOP?
THERE IS NO TOP.
ALL RIGHT?
THAT'S THE BEAUTY
OF "SMELLY CAT."
OH.
UM...
WHY DON'T YOU JUST FOLLOW ME?
OKAY.
♪ SMELLY CAT, SMELLY CAT ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING YOU? ♪
♪ IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT ♪
( guitar flourish )
THAT'S TOO MUCH. SORRY.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]